You do a lot of stuff.
Are you thinking too much?
Get out of here
To tell you the truth
No matter how good you are
I can't be with you
Miss Yan, I can't leave yet
Uncle Yan's illness is difficult to treat
I'm here to help him treat today.
Did you think this was coming?
But you can really go
You don't have a chance.
What's your business?
You were lucky the first few times.
Only I can cure Uncle Yan's illness
Xiaoyan just conditioned my body for me
You're okay now.
How is that possible?
What kind of medical skills does he have?
Why wouldn't I?
It's not just for you, is it?
Stop showing off, how are you?
Xiaoye, so be it
I'll give you 500,000 as compensation
How about this engagement is over?
500,000 you?
This is already very face-saving for you. Just accept it when you see it.
Why are you targeting me again?
Do I have a grudge against you?
Bad things happen to me over and over again
I see you are unhappy, so I will target you.
I'm so pissed off that you hit me
Come, come, come, come, come, good, good.
Miss Yan
I know you don't want to marry this Su
I don't want to be the process of the marriage of Su Yan's two families
Don't worry.
I will